Fixing multiple issues (#906)
minio/docs: source/operations/install-deploy-manage/multi-site-replication.rst

Prerequisites
-------------

Back Up Cluster Settings First
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Use the :mc:`mc admin cluster bucket export` and :mc:`mc admin cluster iam export` commands to take a snapshot of the bucket metadata and IAM configurations respectively prior to configuring Site Replication.

> You can use these snapshots to restore configurations that may be overwritten during the initial sync process.

Author: Maybe too generic? alternative

```suggestion
You can use these snapshots to restore bucket/IAM settings in the event of misconfiguration during site replication configuration.
```

Reviewer: should be ok
